docs: setup to test folksonomy on Open Products Facts (#405)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-infrastructure: docs/reports/2024-09-06-test-folksonomy-openproductsfacts.md

# 2024-09-06 test folksonomy Open Products Facts

> As we have a test deploy of Open Products Facts, we wanted to test the folksonomy functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we have a test to deploy of Open Products Facts, we wanted to test the folksonomy functionality.
```

But it can't work as it is today because of authentication problems.

## How it works

We use the session cookie to authenticate, and if we are using openproductsfacts.org,
the cookie is not the same as openfoodfacts.org (because cookies can't be shared between domains).

The best way to do it is to have folksonomy engine available on each domain:
* api.folksonomy.openfoodfacts.org
* api.folksonomy.openproductsfacts.org

Each of those authenticate to the corresponding world.<domain-name> domain,
so that each product opener site can call the corresponding folksonomy api,
which will in turn authenticate on the right website.

## Amend Folksonomy API

> I changes folksonomy api so that it deduce the server to which to authenticate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I changed folksonomy API so that it deduces the server to which to authenticate 
```

from the url it is called.

[See commit b6729d398](https://github.com/openfoodfacts/folksonomy_api/commit/b6729d3984e82005f6d3a04d96466c8a1f1959e3)

## Make Folksonomy API available on each domain

I changed DNS Zones at OVH to have:
* new.openproductsfacts.org CNAME openproductsfacts.org

> * *.new.openproductsfacts.org CNAME openproductsfacts.org

Reviewer: I thought it was not possible to have wildcards...

Author: It's not possible to have root domain name as CNAME, but for wildcard it works !
